hi YouTube today I'm going to show you
how to hack roblox accounts and it's
really easy this is 2013 this is not a
2010 notepad crap you do need google
chrome row and it is where the sending
mails don't just exit this video because
it's one of the Senate no sir hiss 1030
nuts legit first you just want to go to
compose send email to roblox robux
safety I mean pass safety and safety
already center earlier a hack somebodys
account that's pretty cool out I just
couldn't believe it when i first ate it
but yeah and then type in password reset
service your username I'm gonna put my
username press ENTER and then press room
the person you one had basically
specialist going gonna hack your friend
if I don't get mad the lone pair type up
your pass word right here I'm gonna put
it in a friend don't try to get his um
account because I see Jesus guy change
his password right when I make this
video so there's no point of dinner and
yeah just do that person
but after you do that we're in see I get
a bunch of mail all the fresh my page I
just get like a while now here is
priceless login ticket right here and
I'll gathered a password reset and click
it I even work on me anymore because
I've already done it too many times see
this is what happens when you do it too
many times it was a valuation expiring
you can't change it anymore so you're
damned see if you do it too many columns
it will save this will say that like you
can't revert password you can't in vail
adaption cuz you know it too many times
I don't think you're trying to have to
mess with him but yeah anyways through
that if it's your first time I'm good as
out soon yeah just have fun I'm a low
level 400 hacker and I'm not a hack like
a bunch of counts comment on comment and
request on if you want me to see you I
mean make a video with a lot of
explosive poop incident in other games
but I and I will soon now being a
tsunami working on a beat Seattle and
we'll get one because I have a program
running everything but I have to add all
the markers to it if you know what that
means but yeah bye